Add design doc to README.md (#7)
Salzian/game-off-2022: README.md

### Running

```shell
just run-dev
```

## Design

> The games design is (rudimentary) documented in [this Dropbox Paper][dropbox-paper].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The game's design is (rudimentarily) documented in [this Dropbox Paper][dropbox-paper].
```

Author: <img width="666" alt="Screenshot 2022-11-14 at 13 54 38" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23481219/201665434-e5bda879-f6fc-4623-90a3-6fe3aeebee87.png">
